---
id: dao-membership
title: Membership and Participation
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/1hive/dao-template/blob/master/docs/membership.md
sidebar_label: Membership and Participation
hide_title: false
---
<!-- This file is generated by /website/scripts/sync-util.js - changes will be overwritten! -->


> ⚠️ The configuration of the 1hive organization is still being tested and many of the applications being utilized have not been audited or officially released. The organization will be migrated to mainnet when the process and applications are considered stable. We plan to migrate Membership and balances of Honey when we migrate to mainnet.

After joining keybase and becoming an established community member individuals can request formal membership in the organization. All new members must be voted in by existing members.

Formal members are identified by a non-transferrable `MBR` token, which grants them various rights related to the governance of the organization.

To request membership simply ask an existing member in the keybase chat, and they can create a vote to mint you a `MBR` token.


### Membership guidelines

- Members are expected to remain actively engaged and are **required** to participate in governance decisions.

- If a member becomes inactive, the remaining members should vote to remove them.

- Members are responsible for minting and budgeting `MRT`, a separate transferrable token issued by the organization.

### Why `MRT`?

- `MRT` is used to coordinate contributions.

- Members can earn `MRT` by contributing to *projects*, by being nominated for a *community allocation*, or by being added to *payroll*.

- `MRT` is used to govern the organizations treasury and is *redeemable* for a proportional share of treasury assets.
